1.  Feb 26 2010 - Testing the 74HC467 to see if it will switch quick enough to 
	multiplex for the neural headstage at low supply voltage; the datasheet warns 
	that the switches are very nonlinear at low voltage, but nonlinear is OK
	so long as the output settles to steady stage in time for the ADC to sample. 
	Anyway, to sample 16 channels at 50ksps each, need to switch at 800kHz. 
	First, we test at 3.15V (two AA batteries)
	Set my function generator to that -> looks good, especially to ground. 
	The slew rate is actually higher than that from my function gen!
	Should test to Vcc/2, since per the spec sheet that appears to be the area 
	where the multiplexing switches are the most nonlinear. 
	With one input to the multiplexer at 0 and one at 1.5V, there is about 75ns
	of ringing on the output/common line. Not too bad! 
	Now, test at 2.45V (one alkaline and one NiMH battery): 
	Still looks good!  There is about 75ns of delay, but little ringing, and the signal
	seems to settle to the steady point very quickly. 
	Indeed, the multiplexer seems to behave well even with the address lines
	toggled at 2MHz.  I wouldn't use it that high, though.  
	Slew rate at Vdd=3.15V about 1.5v/20ns; @ Vdd=2.45V about 0.8v/20ns.
	----
	Conclusion: NXP's 74HC467 will work well at 2.7V multiplexing signals
	with the address lines changing at 800kHz. 
	
2. March 30 2010 - The Shutdown (SD) pin on the MAX253 is not driven - 
	Should be connected to ground, or so. 
3. All the voltages seem to come up correctly (after I reflowed the damn little 
	TPS62410 - internal short to center pad).  Next, thes out the microstim channels? 
	Or try flashing the device?  need usb.h in svn!!
4. Processor does not boot - no data on MISO lines.  (There is data on MOSI and SCK)
	PF2 is high - why? perhaps a short somewhere? 
	hmm... after a bit of probing, it seems the proc is booting! 
	(maybe I disloged some bit of old solder paste?)
	and the serial port is also working.  horray!  can use this for debugging. 
5. Next thing, I think, is to get USB working, then maybe write a stim program. 
	Nah, let's check the AFE. 
	Looks like something is shorting the output of V18 LDO -- it's only ~287mV. 
	Trying to reflow the thing -- better be careful though! 
	Hmm.  These chips are really hard to work with ... but managed to fix the problem by 
	removing mis-placed chips & applying current. 
6. Check the gain:  4.5V in -> 450uv -> 1.5V out :: gain = 3k.  hmm, a bit high. 
	Well, anyway, the multiplexer works - at least a few channels of it. 
	Let's read them in via USB. 
7.  uclamp501 was oriented in the wong direction.  It has a bar - treat it as a diode!!
	Just remember that on the PCB, pin 2 is the anode. 
8.  Still having problems with flashing and booting the device - sometimes it works, 
	sometime it does not!  this *needs* to be resolved. 
	Also - and perhaps more importantly - the thing does not always boot! 
9.  When I output a ramp, USB transmissions are all correct, in order, the right size etc, 
	however! when i output actual samples, the file is read for a few sampels - say 100 - 
	then fread dies.  why?  is it in the data, or is it in the code / data dependencies in the 
	code? 
	-- If the device is not transmitting data, then the fread blocks, as it should. 
	Input, 2V sine wave at 1.5kHz -> 800mV sine wave on MUXA 
	(gain = 4000, okay as the THS provides a bit of extra gain)
	(this is equivalent to 200uV signal on the input)
	signal is clear in the sampled signal, amplitude ~= 900 samples. 
	minimum input size that is detectable on MUXA: 140mV pk-pk square wave. 
	(14uV at input - okay, but not great). 
10. Actually, it looks like some of the DAC signals are being driven onto the THS opamp's 
	output - uhohs - let me check with the DAC disabled (this sychronous noise should 
	ideally not factor into the ADC codes..)
	ADC off, 1.5khz sq wave in -> MUXA pk-pk = ~144mV
	ADC on, same input -> 156mV.  hmm.  that's actually a good bit; would be nice to get rid of it! 
11. Input-referred noise: 220mV @ DAC => 55uV.  w/ 500k source resistance. 
	Source shorted: 120mV @ DAC => 30uV.  note this is peak-peak!! 
	If we use the scope to measure RMS values, I'd estimate it to be 25mV -> 6mV 
	input-referred noise, input shorted to gnd. 
12.  Well, anyway, I guess the analog section works oky - will need to test on a rat/mk, but 
	first need to get the radio working?  or figure out why it does not boot reliably? 
13.  Radio seems to come okay - at least can read and write through the SPI bus.
	I'm tempted to try to get 'normal' SPI working - e.g. so that we don't have to manually toggle the 
	PORTF flags & ssync.  eh, later, it works now!   (radio output is not verified - need another 
	radio for that!)
14.  Boot problem. Seems to boot perfectly when USB is not connected. hmm. Perhaps a radio issue? 
	Weird as hell... hmm. I'll try turning it off for a while, then come back and see. 
	Boots properly. good, but not good for debugging - ?
	I guess I'll just order parts from mouser fro 3 microstims. 
15.  EMG: Testing the EMG electrodes with Jon and Prashant; need to increase the spacing on the contacts, 
	relatively simple fix but needs a board revision.  
	This should make it so we record more units -> more voltage output -> more informative signals.
	Jon suggests 1/4" diameter stainless-steel dome electrodes.
	The recordings, as well known, are very sensitive to ground noise - we need to decrease 
	ground connection impedance & increase reliability - maybe a conductive fabric elastic belt?? 
16: microstim: tried wiring all SYNCIN pins together, seems to help with the noise; 
	there is still a nastish bit of switching noise on the output; I think the solution is to
	synchronized them all together, with 4 phases, via the processor.  
	As long as the noise is above the highpass frequency of plexon, it doesn't matter. 
	(Provided there is no nonlinear/AM type demodulation)