Hardware fixes: 
	* Need filtering on the testcon _CS signal too! 47pf fixes issue. 
	* MIC5365-2.5 supplying Votp for blackfin is not attached to Vdd. 
		fixed in schematic.
	* Labels on LEDs are incorrect. 
	** Be very careful about LED orientation in robot! 
	* Capacitors on audio out are mounted too close to the 1/8" jack body.
		can fix with sensible placement prior reflow.
		
Software: 
	March 25 2011 -- 
	one radio seems to work well; interaction of all 3 radios, 
		however, does not work. Looks like radio 0 tmies out at some point,
		holding it's CSN line low. 
		what would be doing this? 
		(as an aside, reverse directon seems not to work - 
			cannot modify headstage channel)
		trying to enable 2 radios.
		Ok, with two radios, looks like radio1 is not always after radio0,
			and that twice as much data is coming out of the bridge.
			(the 2 channel scope is a real liability here). 
			(I really need to get my logic analyzer)
	got three radios working .. seemingly. 
		getting about 10530 packets/second in the client. 
		for 128 channels, measured frame rate is 279.3 frames/sec, 
		which equates to 4468 packets/second.  Observed rate is 2.35 times larger - 
		clearly I need a better means of radio state control. 
		I think what's going on is that the program is desynchronized with 
		incoming radio packets: we are setting 'write' to 1 when
		one radio still has a packet in the fifo.  
		Therefore only set write to one when all radios are serviced? 
		woohoo looks like antenna diversity is working! yay.
		now need to check on the thresholding. 
	thresholding: why no work? 
		deal: need to test with *actual* signals, not just noise.
		behavior: changing the channel works. 
		setting the threshold makes the threshold crossings more realistic. 
			changing the threshold seems to not change threshold crossing density.
		changing the channel subsequently reverts threshold channel display.
		aright, that's fixed - pointer wrap issue.
		now the problem is that the display is fruitcaked. as in, caked in fruit.
		spikes are not aligned with threshold crossings. 
		breaking down the issue further, fixed the channel ordering problem; 
		now it seems that the order of thresold crossings in the spike display 
		is inverted per 32 channels. 
		that would be because that's the way it is in the schematic! 
	need to test by setting channels to oscillate (sinusoid)